Fix: issue from older nrfutil core (#1030)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-launcher: Changelog.md

> ## 5.0.2 - Unreleased

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 5.0.2 - 2024-07-22
```

### Fixed

> -   Recovers form invalid nrfutil module installation.
> -   Progress bar shows correct progress when installing multiple app at the same
>     time that depend on the same nrfuil.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Implemented recovery from invalid nRF Util module installations.
-   Corrected the progress bar behavior to accurately reflect the installation progress when multiple applications relying on the same nRF Util are being installed simultaneously.
```

Reviewer 2: I approve @KievDevel 's edits.
